---
title: Beginner's Guide to Go (DDKs)
description: A comprehensive roadmap for beginners (Double Digit Kyus) to master the basics of the Go game.
categories: [DDK Menu]
tags: [beginner go guide, learn to play go, go game tutorial, ddk, baduk beginner guide]
date: 2021-01-01 00:00:00 +0530
---

## Welcome to Your Go Journey! 🎉  

---

Congratulations on taking the first step towards learning one of the world's most fascinating strategy games — Go (Igo in Japanese, Baduk in Korea and Weiqi in China)! 
You can find all related resources needed for the Beginner levels here. <br>
Here, you'll find all the essential resources and guidance tailored specifically for beginners and Double Digit Kyus (DDKs). Whether you're just discovering the game or progressing towards 10 Kyu, this roadmap has you covered. <br>

> Let me share a little secret—I first got hooked on this timeless game thanks to the anime *Hikaru no Go*. It’s a brilliant story that brought Go into the spotlight for many. If you're looking for more inspiration, check out this list of [Movies, Series, and Documentaries about Go](/posts/What's-This-All-About/#go-in-popular-media).
{: .prompt-tip}

Now, let’s dive into your learning path!

## Beginner-Friendly Resources 

---

### [For Complete Beginners](/posts/ddk-beginner)  
Start here if you're entirely new to Go. This section will teach you the basic rules, concepts, and etiquette to get you ready for your first game. 

### [Progressing to 20 Kyu](/posts/ddk-25kyu)  
Once you’ve grasped the basics, it’s time to build on them. Learn fundamental tactics, opening principles, and how to spot common patterns. 

### [Advancing to 15 Kyu](/posts/ddk-20kyu)  
This stage focuses on improving your reading skills, honing your strategy, and getting comfortable with endgame techniques. 

### [Reaching 10 Kyu](/posts/ddk-15kyu)  
The final stretch for Double Digit Kyus! Here, you'll explore advanced concepts like shape, thickness, and efficiency, setting the stage for your single-digit Kyu journey. 

## A Word of Encouragement 

---

Remember, Go is a journey that rewards patience, curiosity, and practice. Whether you’re playing casually or aspiring to become a strong player, every step you take brings new insights and challenges.  
<b> Pick your level and start exploring! </b>